Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Thanks for tuning in on today's episode. we are excited to have Melanie Grant reading Psalm 143 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Psalm 143.
A psalm of David.
O Lord, hear my prayer.
Listen to my cry for mercy.
In your faithfulness and righteousness come to my relief
Do not bring your servant into judgment.
For no one living is righteous before you.
The enemy pursues me.
He crushes me to the ground.
He makes me dwell in darkness like those long dead, so my spirit grows faint within me.
My heart within me is dismayed.
I remember the days of long ago.
I meditate on all your works and consider what your hands have done.
I spread out my hands to you.
My soul thirsts for you like a parched land.
Answer me quickly, o Lord.
My spirit fails.
Do not hide your face from me, or I will be like those who go down to the pit.
Let the morning bring me word of your unfailing love
For I have put my trust in you.
Show me the way I should go.
For to you I lift up my soul.
Rescue me from my enemies, O Lord, for I hide myself in you.
Teach me to do your will.
For you are my God.
May your good spirit lead me on level ground.
For your name's sake, o Lord, preserve my life.
In your righteousness bring me out of trouble.
In your unfailing love, silence my enemies, destroy all my foes.
For I am your servant.
Seems to me that David has reached the point of despair.
Have you ever been there?
Are you there right now?
When calamity strikes
Are you able to direct your thoughts to God and keep from becoming despondent?
What sorts of things do you focus on?
In order to be able to
Keep yourself from a place of despair.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.